Who doesn't know the whole Sea City now?
What did you say about cheating?
If I don't divorce, where will my Ye family's face go?
The Ye family is a splurge
Fart face
He really thought he was the richest man in Haicheng
These years
If they hadn't given you the wealth of the big criminal
You're broke so early
Lin Zhuang's net worth
It is the net worth of the Xiao family
How did Lin Shuang take the Xiao family as his own?
Godmother, you know better than anyone
Lin Shuang
Can't you stop being mean?
Isn't divorce just right?
Brother Chen
I was wronged why don't you believe me
I will not divorce you
He will give you a death ticket
How dare you threaten me?
Shut up
childish
What is marriage?
Benefit to bundle
What if you two get divorced and start arguing?
Both are just confused for a while
If you feel unbalanced
You can also get rid of the confused old lady Ma Su
Your Su family's set doesn't work with me
I will definitely be divorced from this marriage
And frost
You have to get out.
Humph
Clear out
Ye Chan
You are afraid of being beaten by others, and you are too flashy, right?
I really thought I had lived so many years in vain
This bastard is eavesdropping at the door